C++: Make realloc a data-flow function (#17354)
github/codeql: cpp/ql/lib/change-notes/2024-09-03-realloc-data-flow.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Added a data-flow model for `realloc` and related functions. Previously they was modeled as a taint functions. This improves the precision of queries using data-flow or taint-tracking when `realloc` is involved.

Reviewer: Fixing some of the grammar, and trying to make it slightly clearer.
```suggestion
* Added a data flow model for `realloc`-like functions, which were previously modeled as a taint tracking functions. This change improves the precision of queries where flow through `realloc`-like functions might affect the results.
```
